#How to convince your client to use WordPress

Start here:

Today we going to show how easy it is publish new content with the Wordpress Editor.

We will take you through how to add content by typing, from an external source, and styling and managing this content.

Step 1
Open page with Wordpress editor
“Lets add some content”
 Type
“23% of the websites in the top 10 million sites in the world are Wordpress”
we not ready to publish yet so by saving draft we can save what have created so far - and preview it
Show preview page

Step 2 
“you can add content by cutting and pasting from many external 
sources includes : Word, Google docs, Note pad anything… its so easy”

Show cutting and pasting from google docs & word:
“Freedom to go 
Open source”

save and preview

Step3
Styling is so easy
Bold, Italic, and H1

lets preview what we have created

Step 4

“Im going to show you how its so easy to load a picture and edit the size to fit your page design” 
as you can see we add the full media picture which can be adjusted by the wordpress editor.
Add a picture from library and resize

save and preview

Step 5
“Now thats how easy it is to add content using the editor -  either by typing in content directly or pasting content from an external source. We then changed styling, and added a picture.”
“so lets publish the content.

Step 7  
“The Wordpress editor also allows you to create revision copies for your content - so everyone can see the latest version , and just in case you can revert to a previous version”
also if you need to have your new page content approved - then we can use user levels of access .”
“ie a contributor can create the content but cant publish
a publisher who has the access level to publish can take a look and hit the button to publish the new content “ 

“So what did we learn
Content additions and management is easy with Wordpress. so you whole workforce - even the least of techie people can add to the conversation for your business.”

“So goto here to give this a try yourself or send to your colleague. “

management of the content is simple .
As content chnages over a period of time - we need to mange the content reviosn.
this is easy with  revisions option and Users access levels.


